how do it oh my god this is such an
early morning beginning oh how are you
people in TV lamb how are you everything
good it's all good in the pumpkin pie
Lud oh my god her little butt I just
love to cushy on her tushy a darker
lighter I like it like like a better
place tails
her pale skin drives me insane bro dude
any music here
it's our turn to drive park beside the
ocean on a moonlight drive come on take
a little ride down by the ocean side get
real high yeah I wish I knew the lyrics
Oh dark candor lighting them gonna make
the arm to arc alight
oh yeah I'm the painter you're the
Vargas tell you the truth I don't know
what call it to make maybe I should make
her a little the tips of her boobs boy
hey stop that honking out there this is
a Chinatown can you expect nothing less
than a honk here and there buddy hey
body excuse me
word em up easily Racal gangster murder
rap
excuse me mr. officer do you like it oh
girl you like it you know it's easy
Komodo
you don't know I met him in the airport
once it sounds good you know oh my god
you don't care oh my god how ruthless
you are does this be recorded you know
you're being recorded sleepy you have to
deal with that
do it again do it again we'll spin you
round go back Jack do it again
woke up this morning with my mind my
mind said oh Jesus I woke up this
morning with my mind basically we don't
think I'm thinking the same things you
give me your heart get real hard get
real hard get real high
get real there's the woman on the
wineglass there's the fish there's a
lucky go pirate with his red dog the
greedy cannon the compass Elizabeth to
vertical
Oh a little blond-haired Reaper a blue
devil Duke University unused our Fijian
like type masts and here's your pirate
boat over here and your spirit of 76 and
basically that's it for this evening
thank you for coming I hope you enjoyed
watching your show and good bye TV land